[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
>> We have to go out of the
fear and not allowing bad news
to take away our trust
in a positive future.
Everything will be fine.
The light will win the fight.
[FESTIVE MUSIC]
My name is Theresia Jordan.
I am 63 years old, and I'm
living on the island of Gozo.
I am originally from Germany.
I became married very
young, had children,
and we had our own business.
We were very successful
business wise.
After my children were bigger,
I started naturopathic medicine.
And after two years I
passed the examination
and was already asked
to work in a business.
It was really a successful time,
but I missed always something.
And sometimes I recognized
there is something missing,
but I couldn't even catch
what there was missing.
[LIGHT MUSIC]
I did grow a little bit, and
my marriage didn't take it.
And so I finished my marriage.
But I had already this work.
I came twice for six weeks to
Malta for studying acupuncture,
and I fell in love with
the island of Gozo.
And now I'm here
nine years already.
I decided to work
here a little bit.
And also, spirit wise,
I really did grow.
I met very interesting
people here.
It was really the energy of
Gozo that called me in a way.
While I am on this
island, I met Karin Laing,
who has an amazing
property where
she does events
and helping people
with interesting techniques.
I heard before about
past life retreats.
And so Karin told me
about Life Between Lives,
what makes me more curious
and interested on her work.
And so I decided to do a
Life Between Lives session.
I always had this feeling I have
to do something in this life.
And because I am
searching for answers,
I was curious because
of Karin's work
because maybe it
gives me answers.
[FESTIVE MUSIC]
>> I'm Karin Laing.
I'm a hypnotherapist, a past
life regression therapist,
and a Life Between
Lives therapist.
And I work on the beautiful
Mediterranean island of Gozo.
A Life Between Lives session
is a hypnosis session
where we are actually
able to access a higher
state of consciousness.
During the session, I
skillfully guide them
on a soul journey to be able to
go to the place their soul calls
home.
It gives them a lot of clarity.
And it gives them that sense
of inner peace and belonging.
Back in the day, I was
an interior designer
in South Africa.
And I had my own interior
design and architecture
practice for 30 years exactly.
And what really interested me is
why did my clients get cancer,
why did they get depression,
why did they become ill,
and why did they stay with
people that abused them.
And then something
magical happened.
One day I picked up Michael
Newton's "Journey of Souls,"
and that changed the
course of my life.
One day I was
swimming in the sea,
having this
conversation with God.
And the voice in my
head said, you'll
come to Malta to be
a spiritual healer.
And I remember
looking up and saying,
what is a spiritual healer?
And I got out of the water.
And one of my friends, Nila, was
sitting on the side of the sea.
And I said to her, Nila,
I'm going to move to Malta,
and I'm going to be
a spiritual healer.
And she looked at me.
And she said, Karin,
you can't do that.
In Malta, it's only the priests
that are spiritual healers.
If you do that, they will
burn you at the stake.
I was quite mortified.
I said, well, actually I'm
on my spiritual journey,
and I will find the answers
that are right for me.
And a month later, I was
sitting at my computer.
I lit a white candle.
I went on this
little Google search.
I found wonderful
Allison in Pietrasanta.
They facilitated this Michael
Newton hypnotherapy practitioner
training.
Then I went back
home to South Africa.
And for two years, I
actually ran my two practices
at the same time.
On the one hand, I had
the interior design;
at the other hand,
my hypnotherapy
and healing practice.
After two years, I woke up
one morning, and I was ready.
So I closed my businesses,
paid the last taxes as one
does, and I moved to Gozo.
Everything transpired
for me to end up
moving into this
beautiful, magical home.
And I decided to call
it L'Gharix, which means
"sanctuary."
And clients come to me
from all over the world
for my beautiful
healing retreats.
I met Theresia.
And we've done different
healing sessions on her,
and I'm very excited that she's
finally ready to do a Life
Between Lives session.
[STATIC]
Welcome to your Life
Between Lives session today.
I asked you to write down
some questions for me.
And let's get the questions out.
>> I did write down
a few questions.
>> Wonderful.
So do you have any questions
you would like to ask around
any relationships?
>> I'm still suffering because
I'm searching for my soul
purpose.
I would like to
know, is my journey,
is it a healing, my naturopath?
Or is it really going back to
Martin or even here in Malta,
again?
>> Let's be quite
specific in what we ask.
So let's ask, what
is your soul purpose?
Why did you come to Gozo?
Are you ready to do what
you came to do in Gozo?
Why does your intuition
feel like your time here
is nearly coming to an end?
In your career, what is it
that you should be focusing on?
Is there something specific
that you need to focus on?
Or are there other skills
that you need to add on?
So these are all around
your soul purpose and for us
to understand what it is that
you've really come to do.
And do you need to
focus more on this?
Is there something else?
And what do they
want you to know?
And with your ex-husband,
you had all these children.
And what if we just
asked the questions?
What has he come to teach you?
And what have you
come to teach him?
>> OK.
I hope it's good
for many children.
>> Right.
So this is important.
This is very important.
This is really the
nugget of this session
is to understand
the pattern that
was what was created with you.
Your feeling is that this--
>> Pattern was created
long before it's a pattern.
>> Oh, it's a pattern.
>> I didn't break a pattern.
I didn't break, yeah.
>> So let's understand
the pattern.
>> We were married a long time.
And I was always his background
worker, to keep free his back.
>> You held his back?
You're his background worker.
He had many businesses.
And you really held
the space for him
as he created all
these businesses.
>> Business wise,
we were successful.
>> Yes, you were
successful business wise.
>> And after I did my
naturopath, I expected,
now it's my turn.
I can also step back a little
bit and do minor things.
But he didn't accept it,
and he did even block it.
>> Oh, so it's to understand
that even though you supported
him all these years, when you
finally stepped up and said,
I'm going to be a naturopath,
he tried to block it.
And he didn't support you
as you had supported him.
So let's understand that.
When you said, right, I have
supported you all these years,
now I want to do this,
he tried to undermine
what you were trying to create.
And this is what also
pushed you to leave.
>> Yes.
>> Very good.
I think you have some
amazing questions.
Well done.
It also gives you a lot of
clarity on the whole patterns.
And we'll find out if
there's anything that you
can do to change the patterns.
Let's see how this unfolds.
>> It sounds good.
>> Yes, very good.
[STATIC]
First of all, tell me,
is it day or night?
>> Dark.
>> It is dark.
Very good.
And are you alone?
Or are you with someone?
>> I'm alone.
>> And are you
outside or inside?
>> I am inside.
>> What are you wearing?
>> Very basic clothes.
>> And what is your age?
>> I'm maybe between 30, 40.
>> 30, 40.
Very good.
And what is your name?
>> Theresia.
>> Describe the scene
you find yourself in.
>> It is a house
on the mountain.
>> What is the year that
you find yourself in?
>> 1890.
Very good.
And what is your feeling?
Which country do you
find yourself in?
>> It's in Germany, in Bavaria.
>> She told me that when she
did her naturopathic training,
she went into the
mountains with a group.
And there was this
house that she
felt very connected,
actually, a cabin that she
felt very connected to.
In this past life,
she went to the life
where she lived in that cabin.
>> It was a more than
100-year-old house.
I felt very familiar
with this house.
I was there before.
And it was exactly this house.
>> And help us
understand your story.
>> I am working with plants.
And I'm a healer.
I help also women to give birth.
>> Oh, so you're a midwife.
You're a healer, and
you're a midwife.
And you work with plants.
>> It was necessary.
You couldn't live
without this medicine.
And I learned very
basic what plants
are good for what problem.
And I picked them, dried,
them and I used it.
>> Who is there with you?
>> There is a man, but I
don't see any children.
It is my husband.
>> Tell us your story with him.
>> It was hard times.
I did prepare food,
and it was a poor time.
And when I went out
and I come back,
and it's not there anymore.
>> Who took the food?
Or what happened?
>> Somebody took it.
Somebody who did
need it more than me.
I did prepare a few food.
And it was on the cooker.
And I went out to call
my husband or whatever.
And when I came back, it
was not there anymore.
It was not the time when you
could go to a supermarket.
You had only the food,
what you did grow.
Or maybe you could buy
something in next village.
And so it was really scary.
And it was poor time.
Many people died.
>> And now I'm going to move you
forward to your last day in that
life as Theresia.
>> It's a better time now,
but I'm still alone with him.
>> And how old were
you on this last day?
>> I was almost 78.
It feels good to go home.
>> So allow yourself to
go to the last moments.
>> I move upwards.
>> And does the light
flow towards you,
or is it only you floating
towards the light?
>> It feels like we
float toward each other.
>> Very good.
>> If you are not in this
body anymore, you can float.
Of course, you
don't need on planet
where you have your legs on.
And it's like a meeting space.
I was first a bit of bluish
light, but it became more.
>> And this light is a light
energy that has come to greet
you.
Is this being male, female,
or androgynous in appearance?
>> It's a woman.
It's--
Very good.
>> It was my granny.
>> What does she say when
she connects with you?
>> The message she gave me,
not even with words, is--
said I did right.
Said it was important.
>> That it is important.
She carries a lot
of guilt because she
left her husband and her
children in this lifetime.
She had a really hard
life with her husband.
She had to have these children.
She had no rights as a woman.
She was just there as a slave.
When she decided to
study to be a naturopath,
she changed the
course of her life.
And by her grandmother
coming and saying,
you did right, it's
confirming that she actually
did the right thing.
And do you feel ready
to be taken somewhere?
>> Yeah.
>> Very good.
Describe to me the journey.
>> It feels like floating.
Again, this bluish light.
It's like open, round
place filled with energy.
>> What is the color
that you notice?
>> Everything is very
light, colored white.
But it feels good.
It feels it's my star home.
>> She got to experience the
light and the light beings,
and she was so happy.
And she felt at peace.
And allow yourself now
to get to the wise ones.
>> They are the elders.
They are around the round table.
>> And are you able to
count how many are there?
>> There is 14.
>> 14.
Very good.
>> Some look like people.
And some look like other beings.
It's a huge table, and they're
sitting around the table.
Old, very friendly people,
men and women, and looks
like also spacey beings,
different spacey beings also.
There is a moderator.
>> What is the name that
you call the moderator?
>> Mano.
>> He was not so old, friendly,
maybe between 40 and 50, man.
He was a human being.
>> And what is the first thing
you hear in your mind as Mano
addresses you?
>> It's a telepathic
communication.
First, it felt like tension
and worries about mother earth.
And now it became very calm.
Now it feels really--
like they did take away all
my worries and my tension.
And I feel really calm.
>> And you feel really calm.
Beautiful.
Whenever she watches the news
or she reads the newspaper,
she is always caught
in the grip of what
is happening in the world.
She's concerned about
people, about the earth.
And she did not expect
the answer that she got.
>> When I watch
the news nowadays,
I become very
uncomfortable, even afraid.
And the elder did change
it in this moment for me.
It disappeared fully.
And it felt really good.
I felt good in my body.
And so I do know it
will become good.
>> Can you address your counsel
and ask Mano if you would be
able to answer some of the
questions that you have in this
moment?
>> We can try.
>> Very good.
Ask him around the situation
with your ex-husband.
Why did he not support you
on your naturopath journey?
>> It was fear to lose me.
I guess fear to have me strong.
>> And did you break this
patriarchal pattern when you
left, or did you leave an open
space for him to continue this
pattern?
>> I did break it, but
there is still a space.
It's not fully gone.
>> Why did you have to
have those experiences?
What was your learning?
And what can other people
learn from your experience?
>> I had to have this
experience, to feel it,
to feel the love, to feel the
suffering, to feel everything.
>> And are you ready to do
what you came to do in Gozo?
>> Nearly.
>> Very good.
And what is your sole purpose?
>> Healing and helping.
>> Very good.
What do you need to know
that will best support you
on your journey going forward?
>> Trust in myself and the
support in the universe.
>> Very good.
To trust in yourself and
the support of the universe.
This is what people
are looking for.
They're looking for
connection and clarification,
that the path is
as it should be.
I know you're now ready
to move to the next place.
And describe the path
you go or the way
you go to get to the
next place you go to.
>> It's delightful, the
temple thousands of years ago,
looking at Gozo.
>> One of the questions in our
life has been, why is she here?
And what is she come to do?
So to understand that it's fine.
It's just a confirmation
that she should be here.
>> I do see myself.
We have a fireplace, lots
of dried flowers and weeds.
It's shortly before
the spring equinox.
I see myself as
priestess or whatever.
>> Yes, you see
yourself as a priestess.
>> And I am in a kind of
meditative status to connect
with other beings.
During the days, there
are nice, beautiful girls
in long, white dresses,
collecting flowers,
dancing around.
Everybody is excited,
waiting for the evening.
There is music
floating in the air.
There is a statue of a goddess.
We have to bring a
huge crystal and fix it
in this goddess statue
to activate energy field.
>> Help us understand what
was happening on the earth.
>> The temples are
important because of Sirius.
Sirius is a planet.
It is very important in
connection with Maltese temples.
All of them were built with
the entrance to Sirius.
>> So let us understand the
connection that the temples have
to planet Sirius.
>> We have to keep the
knowledge to protect the earth
and the people who
are living on earth.
>> Many of the people that come
to me for their Life Between
Lives session feel a
strong connection to Sirius
or to the Pleiades.
These are star systems
that we can see from earth,
and they just have a very
strong connection to the stars.
I always say, there's no
right, there's no wrong,
and there's no judgment.
So each client that comes
for a Life Between Lives
will have the experience
that they need.
And that will benefit
them in that day.
So help us understand what
creates this protective energy
shield.
>> It is the crystal
and this goddess.
It's a clear quartz crystal.
It looks like a pyramid.
And it was even used in
Egypt on top of the pyramids.
The crystal is in the
shape of a pyramid,
and light energy did
shoot out of the goddess.
>> And help us
understand the function.
>> It's like a shield
function, a protection shield.
Light beams are going
out and do meet together
from different temples
at the same time.
>> So this was happening at
different temples at the same
time.
>> Yeah.
It could protect when
there was a comet coming.
>> Oh, so this could protect
if there's a comet coming.
>> Yes.
>> Was it the goddesses that
were able to connect when they
were in meditation
telepathically to each other?
>> Yes.
>> By doing this, this creates
an energy shield or an energy
that can protect against comets.
>> Yes.
>> And let us understand the
difference between meditation
and prayer.
>> Prayer can work also.
But if you go in a
deep meditation state,
you activate your own
energies into your heart.
You can connect directly with
energy force of the goddess.
>> What meditation does is it
allows one to connect to what is
really right for you without
asking anyone else's opinion.
So many of us were
told that someone else
has the answers for you.
And what we are finding now
is that if you meditate,
you can actually find the
answers within yourself.
And hypnotherapy is a great
way to find those answers.
>> We don't have to go
back to the temple time,
but we have to believe
in our own power.
We have to activate
our own power.
We are already on the journey,
and we are already in a better
space than it looks.
>> And what is the wisdom that
you need to share with mankind
of what the experiences
that you just had?
>> We have to go out of
the fear in trusting,
connecting with our higher self,
not allowing bad news to take
away our trust in
a positive future.
Everything will be fine.
The light will win the fight.
We have to focus on
the positive things,
not on the negative things.
That's very important.
Focus on the positive
things and say
thank you for every
positive thing.
>> When Theresia came
in to see me today,
she had questions
about her family.
She had questions about
personal relationships.
her career as a naturopath
and about her living in Gozo.
And what was amazing
in the session
is that she got clarity that
she was in the right place.
And the message for her was,
the light will win the fight.
And is there anything else
that you need to experience?
>> I don't think so.
I really liked this Life
Between Lives episode
because I got a lot of
information out of it.
And it did deepen my belief
in that light wins this fight.
[FESTIVE MUSIC]
It's been two weeks
since my session.
And I feel good.
I got a lot of information
about my past life
and it helped me
to understand why
I landed in Gozo,
what's my connection,
and also that I'm
on the right path.
Getting to see my
granny was, for me,
a confirmation for
my life, what I
have now because it's a
little bit like she gave me
the feeling, yes, it's
right what you do.
It's right.
And you did a good job.
Thank you, Karin.
I had a journey into my
soul, and I look now forward
to my future.